readme.md, before:

# btl-books.com

This project was created as our term project for CS 4389 at the University of Texas at Dallas. It is a mock bookstore, meaning that you can create an account and add things to your cart as normal, but it does not actually take money, nor does it ship anything to your door. Otherwise, the user experience is is the same as what you would expect when using an actual bookstore.

## Team members

* [Zachary Baldwin](https://github.com/zacharyjbaldwin)​ (frontend development, backend development)
* [Erik Rodriguez](https://github.com/Tarzerk)​ (backend devlopment)
* [Kiara Madeam​](https://github.com/kiara-aleecia) (design, backend devlopment)
* [Kenny Ngo](https://github.com/kNgo8249)​ (backend development)
* Lu Qi​ (frontend development)
* Cindy Wee​ (research, design)
* [Vishnu Yarabarla](https://github.com/syarabarla) (backend development)

## Implementation

The project is visible at [https://www.btl-books.com](https://www.btl-books.com). Please do check it out.

Commit message:

addi banner and promo video link

readme.md, after:

# btl-books.com

[![PROMO IMAGE](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zacharyjbaldwin/btl-books/master/banner.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmDaX8wrBis)
(click the banner to see the promo video)

This project was created as our term project for CS 4389 at the University of Texas at Dallas. It is a mock bookstore, meaning that you can create an account and add things to your cart as normal, but it does not actually take money, nor does it ship anything to your door. Otherwise, the user experience is is the same as what you would expect when using an actual bookstore.

## Team members

* [Zachary Baldwin](https://github.com/zacharyjbaldwin)​ (frontend development, backend development)
* [Erik Rodriguez](https://github.com/Tarzerk)​ (backend devlopment)
* [Kiara Madeam​](https://github.com/kiara-aleecia) (design, backend devlopment)
* [Kenny Ngo](https://github.com/kNgo8249)​ (backend development)
* Lu Qi​ (frontend development)
* Cindy Wee​ (research, design)
* [Vishnu Yarabarla](https://github.com/syarabarla) (backend development)

## Implementation

The project is visible at [https://www.btl-books.com](https://www.btl-books.com). Please do check it out.
